docs: add documentation on implementing clients (#284)
CircleCI-Public/circleci-yaml-language-server: ADD_A_CLIENT.md

# Add a client

Implementations of Language Server clients are always welcome, if you happen to
create one, please open an issue so that we can
[reference your work](/README.md#language-server-clients)! However please read
this document before starting implementation as there are some specifities to be
aware of.

### `schema.json`

> The Language Server needs the [`schema.json`](/schema.json) to validate the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Language Server needs the [`schema.json`](/schema.json) file to validate the
```

> The Language Server needs the [`schema.json`](/schema.json) to validate the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Language Server (LS) needs the [`schema.json`](/schema.json) to validate the
```

YAMLs. To run the LS, you must have the file available locally and provide its

> path to the `-schema` parameter of the LS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
path as `-schema` argument to the LS executable.
```

As the `schema.json` is versioned like the rest of the code, it is provided with
every release, this means that when updating the LS binary should always come
with an update of the `schema.json`.

### Hover

> The `hover` functionality is not actually implemented by the LS. Nevertheless,

Reviewer: How about linking to the LSP spec when referring to hover?

```suggestion
The [`textDocument/hover`](https://microsoft.github.io/language-server-protocol/specifications/lsp/3.17/specification/#textDocument_hover) functionality is not implemented by the LS. Nevertheless,
```

you will see reference to the functionality as it is implemented directly in the
Typescript code of the VSCode extension. The functionality is provided thanks to
the
[SchemaStore JSON schema for CircleCI configs](https://github.com/SchemaStore/schemastore/blob/master/src/schemas/json/circleciconfig.json)
that CircleCI help maintain and the
[vscode-json-languageservice](https://github.com/microsoft/vscode-json-languageservice).

If you plan on implementing the feature you should look for a way to take
advantage of this JSON and find an equivalent of `vscode-json-languageservice`

> that work for your editor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
that works for your editor.
```

### Configuration

> To be able to better handle the usage of private orbs, self-hosted runners or

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To to better handle the usage of private orbs, self-hosted runners or
```

> even contexts you can authenticate to the Language Server with custom LS

Reviewer: ```suggestion contexts you can authenticate to CircleCI with the Language Server using custom LS
```

commands.

##### `setToken`

> The `setToken` command takes an API token as only argument. Users can get API

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `setToken` command takes a CircleCI API token as only argument. Users can get API
```

> token from [here](https://app.circleci.com/settings/user/tokens).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
token from the [User settings](https://app.circleci.com/settings/user/tokens) in the CircleCI app.
```

Example Typescript usage:

```typescript
await lsClient.sendRequest(`workspace/executeCommand`, {
  command: 'setToken',
  arguments: ['<user-token>'],
});
```

##### `setSelfHostedUrl`

> For users using the [Server](https://circleci.com/pricing/server/) version of
> CircleCI, you can set the URL of the self-hosted Server with this command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For users using [CircleCI Server](https://circleci.com/pricing/server/), you can set the URL of the self-hosted Server with this command.
```
